I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Desert Island
Peppa and George are at Danny dog's house.
Captain Dog is telling stories of
when he was a sailor.
I sailed all around the world,
and then I came home again.
But now I'm back for good.
I'll never get on a boat again.
Daddy, do you miss the sea?
Well, sometimes.
It is Granddad dog, Grandpa pig and Gramppy rabbit.
Hello!
Can Captain Dog come out to play?
What?
We're going on a fishing trip.
On a boat.
On the sea.
OK. Let's go.
But Daddy,
you said you'd never get on a boat again.
Oh, yes. So I did.
OK, bye-bye.
Bye. Well, there they go,
off, on a boat, without me.
What are you going to do now, Daddy?
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe I'll clean the seaweed off the house.
We don't get seaweeds on houses.
No, of course not.
We'll take my boat.
Are you sure your boat's safe,
Gramppy rabbit?
Of course it's safe, I built it myself.
Oh, we don't need that bit.
Off we go.
I love going fishing.
Me too.
And what do you need for a fishing trip?
Fishing rods?
No, the picnic basket.
It's very good of you to steer the boat,
Gramppy rabbit.
But I'm not steering the boat.
I thought somebody else was.
Oh, dear. No one is steering the boat.
We're lost at sea.
And look, Gramppy rabbit's boat is sinking.
Don't panic.
I've been in worse situations than this.
Really?
No, this is the worst.
We are saved.
But we're stuck on a desert island.
With just sea and the sky for company.
And we haven't got any food.
I've got a chocolate bar.
Good, we should save the chocolate
in case we get hungry later.
Oh, dear.
Gramppy rabbit has eaten all the food.
What a terrible place to be stuck!
Is anyone else missing cheese?
We've only been here five minutes,
Gramppy rabbit.
I'm going to put a mark in the sand
for every time I think about cheese.
We need to call for help.
Call for help, what an excellent idea.
Hel-----p!
What was that?
That was the call of the sea.
Someone is in trouble.
What can we do?
We'll rescue them.
We can use Granddad dog's boat.
Wait a minute.
I said I'd never get on a boat again.
But Daddy, they need rescuing.
You're right, just this once.
I shall sail again.
Life jackets on.
On, Captain Dog.
Hold, sail!
All our food is gone.
There's nothing left to eat.
There must be something to eat.
Ahoy, there.
Hooray! We're saved.
Captain Dog has rescued the granddads.
Land ahoy.
Everyone off the boat.
Farewell, everybody.
See you in a few weeks.
Daddy, where are you going?
Me? I was just thinking of
sailing around the world again.
But Daddy, you're not a sailor anymore.
No, of course not.
Leave the sailing to us Captain Dog.
Yes, and when they get lost again,
you can rescue them.